# Montgomery Advertiser
bkrift@montgomeryadvertiser.com
sdarnold@gannett.com
tford@montgomeryadvertiser.com
blyman@gannett.com
mgalvin@gannett.com
dgoddard@gannett.com
jbroyles@gannett.com
letters@montgomeryadvertiser.com

# Birmingham News
letters@al.com
news@al.com

# Alaska Dispatch News
dhulen@alaskadispatch.com
letters@alaskadispatch.com

# Arizona Republic
newstips@arizonarepublic.com 
ken.alltucker@arizonarepublic.com
robert.anglen@arizonarepublic.com
wyatt.buchanan@gannett.com

# Arkansas Democrat Gazette

# Los Angeles Times

# Denver Post
newsroom@denverpost.com
lryckman@denverpost.com
ggriffin@denverpost.com
mmatthews@denverpost.com
lcolacioppo@denverpost.com
lshapley@denverpost.com

# The Hartford Courant
kheidel@courant.com
jferraro@courant.com
rbgreen@courant.com

# The News Journal
wilmingtonnewsjournal@gannett.com
newsdesk@delawareonline.com
sleath@delawareonline.com
dledford@delawareonline.com
pfreedman@delawareonline.com
letters@delawareonline.com

# The Washington Post
national@washpost.com
letters@washpost.com

# Miami Herald
amarques@MiamiHerald.com
rhirsch@miamiherald.com
dwilson@miamiherald.com
avilloch@miamiherald.com
nancrum@miamiherald.com
mmarquez@miamiherald.com

# Atlanta Journal Constitution
michael.joseph@ajc.com
bcooper@ajc.com
kriley@ajc.com
mark.medici@ajc.com

# Honolulu Star-Advertiser
fbridgewater@staradvertiser.com
rforness@staradvertiser.com
akotarek@staradvertiser.com
tcgray@staradvertiser.com
mblack@staradvertiser.com

# Idaho Statesman
publisher@idahostatesman.com
rprast@idahostatesman.com
newsroom@idahostatesman.com
rehlert@idahostatesman.com

# The Chicago Tribune
editor@chicagotribune.com
jmccormick@chicagotribune.com
cmcmahon@chicagotribune.com
pkendall@chicagotribune.com
mmay@chicagotribune.com

# The Indianapolis Star
p.miller@indystar.com
meghan.miller@indystar.com
mischelle.grant@indystar.com
david.hakanson@indystar.com
emily.hervey@indystar.com
alvie.lindsay@indystar.com
Jeff.Taylor@indystar.com
amanda.kingsbury@indystar.com

# The Des Moines Register
dchivers@dmreg.com
krjohnson@dmreg.com
opreiksc@dmreg.com
cbeard@dmreg.com
chunter@dmreg.com 
kkbrown@dmreg.com 
kobradovich@dmreg.com 

# The Wichita Eagle
scoffman@wichitaeagle.com
jhays@wichitaeagle.com
mroehrman@wichitaeagle.com
tshine@wichitaeagle.com

# The Courier Journal
raretakis@courier-journal.com
laulbach@courier-journal.com
theiser@courier-journal.com
jsayers@gannett.com
vmorgan@courier-journal.com
triley@courier-journal.com

# The Times Picayune
circulation@nola.com
publisher@nola.com
lbacon-blood@nola.com
jrball@nola.com
dbroach@nola.com

# Portland Press Herald
cschechtman@pressherald.com
sgreenlee@pressherald.com
dbradbury@pressherald.com
cconaboy@pressherald.com
kbeaudoin@pressherald.com
sericson@pressherald.com
cwoodard@pressherald.com

# The Sun
trif.alatzas@baltsun.com
sam.davis@baltsun.com
cmcampbell@baltsun.com
jfritze@baltsun.com
kagordon@baltsun.com
apyles@baltsun.com
sjwelsh@baltsun.com
andrew.green@baltsun.com
steve.young@baltsun.com
mpryce@baltsun.com
jeff.landaw@baltsun.com
philip.klinedinst@baltsun.com

# The Boston Globe
mcgrory@globe.com
chinlund@globe.com
dahl@globe.com
m_morrow@globe.com
d_coleman@globe.com
c_mansbach@globe.com
tracy.jan@globe.com
annie.linskey@globe.com
matt.viser@globe.com
christopher.rowland@globe.com

# Detroit Free Press
city@freepress.com
rmhuschka@freepress.com
rallen@freepress.com
eanderson@freepress.com
tbaldas@freepress.com
jcarlisle@freepress.com

# StarTribune
sgillespie@startribune.com
patricia.lopez@startribune.com
doug.tice@startribune.com

# Sun Herald
mynews@sunherald.com
letters@sunherald.com
bmkaplan@sunherald.com
rzilbermints@sunherald.com
tmsmith@sunherald.com
jmitchell@sunherald.com

# The St. Louis Post Dispatch
gbailon@post-dispatch.com
agoodman@post-dispatch.com
brose@post-dispatch.com
jbuchanan@post-dispatch.com
cave@post-dispatch.com
kbell@post-dispatch.com
jcurrier@post-dispatch.com
craasch@post-dispatch.com

# Great Falls Tribune
jstrauss@greatfallstribune.com
kpuckett@greatfallstribune.com
pdrake@greatfallstribune.com

# Omaha World Herald
terry.kroeger@owh.com
kristy.gerry@owh.com
duane.polodna@owh.com
mike.reilly@owh.com
news@owh.com

# Las Vegas Sun

# Valley News
newseditor@vnews.com
dmackie@vnews.com

# The Star Ledger
eletters@starledger.com
oped@starledger.com
jdennan@starledger.com

# The Albuquerque News
kwalz@abqjournal.com
kmoses@abqjournal.com
jkirby@abqjournal.com
dfriedman@abqjournal.com
swilliams@abqjournal.com
mcoleman@abqjournal.com
donnf@abqjournal.com
ntipton@abqjournal.com
rclark@abqjournal.com

# The Buffalo News
subscriberservices@buffnews.com

# The Charlotte Observer
acaulkins@charlotteobserver.com
rthames@charlotteobserver.com
schisenhall@charlotteobserver.com
tbatten@charlotteobserver.com
jpope@charlotteobserver.com
jmorrill@charlotteobserver.com

# The Forum

# Lincoln Journal Star
citydesk@journalstar.com
athomas@journalstar.com
dbundy@journalstar.com
nwiita@journalstar.com
gwinters@journalstar.com


# The Plain Dealer
jbowman@plaind.com
grodrigue@plaind.com
hpatters@plaind.com

# The Oklahoman
kfry@oklahoman.com
mshannon@oklahoman.com
rtrammell@oklahoman.com
mgeries@oklahoman.com
sallen@oklahoman.com
ccasteel@oklahoman.com
nclay@oklahoman.com
yourviews@opubco.com
ocanfield@oklahoman.com
araymond@oklahoman.com	

# The Oregonian
mkatches@oregonian.com
tbottomly@oregonian.com
dpeck@oregonian.com
bschmidt@oregonian.com
rwoolington@oregonian.com
rdavis@oregonian.com
cbrosseau@oregonian.com
fzarkhin@oregonian.com
ssuo@oregonian.com
lgunderson@oregonian.com
hjung@oregonian.com
lreed@oregonian.com

# The Philadelphia Inquirer
bjorkm@phillynews.com
brennac@phillynews.com	
bunchw@phillynews.com
clout@phillynews.com	
mcloonp@phillynews.com	
benderw@phillynews.com	
armstrj@phillynews.com	
baerj@phillynews.com	

# The Providence Journal
newstips@providencejournal.com
editors@providencejournal.com
breakingnews@providencejournal.com
dbutler@providencejournal.com
pphipps@providencejournal.com
arosenbe@providencejournal.com
eachorn@providencejournal.com

# The Post and Courier
mpugh@postandcourier.com
rnelson@postandcourier.com
anugent@postandcourier.com
bmiller@postandcourier.com
crowe@postandcourier.com
wooten@postandcourier.com
skropf@postandcourier.com
gsmith@postandcourier.com
tbartelme@postandcourier.com
jhawes@postandcourier.com
dpardue@postandcourier.com
brindge@postandcourier.com
egillespie@postandcourier.com

# Argus Leader
balbrecht@argusleader.com
rallen1@gannett.com
jthaden@argusleader.com
panderson@argusleader.com
dferguson@argusleader.com
jsneve@argusleader.com
mwalker@argusleader.com

# The Commercial Appeal
danny.bowen@commercialappeal.com
louis.graham@commercialappeal.com
mark.russell@commercialappeal.com
david.royer@commercialappeal.com
clay.bailey@commercialappeal.com
katherine.fretland@commercialappeal.com
jacinthia.jones@commercialappeal.com
yolanda.jones@commercialappeal.com
jody.callahan@commercialappeal.com

# The Dallas Morning News
jlovegrove@dallasnews.com	

# The Salt Lake Tribune
tburr@sltrib.com
mcanham@sltrib.com
fitz@sltrib.com
mikeg@sltrib.com
dharrie@sltrib.com
paul@sltrib.com
srmccann@sltrib.com
remims@sltrib.com
jnpearce@sltrib.com
csmart@sltrib.com

# Burlington Free Press
asilverman@freepressmedia.com	
estigliani@freepressmedia.com	
joelbaird@freepressmedia.com	
aburbank@freepressmedia.com

# The Virginian-Pilot
steve.gunn@pilotonline.com
bill.henry@pilotonline.com
jeff.reece@pilotonline.com
bill.bartel@pilotonline.com
joanne.kimberlin@pilotonline.com
patrick.wilson@pilotonline.com

# The Seattle Post
citydesk@seattlepi.com

# The Seattle Times
rwagoner@seattletimes.com
jbrunner@seattletimes.com
cclarridge@seattletimes.com
vcoleman@seattletimes.com
dgutman@seattletimes.com

# Dominion Post
pqueen@dominionpost.com	
ame@dominionpost.com	
administration@dominionpost.com	
publisher@dominionpost.com
opinion@dominionpost.com
newsroom@dominionpost.com

# Journal Sentinel
jsmetro@journalsentinel.com
jsedit@journalsentinel.com
george.stanley@jrn.com
chuck.melvin@jrn.com
jnelson@journalsentinel.com
tcontent@journalsentinel.com
tkoetting@journalsentinel.com
michael.mulvey@jrn.com
craig.gilbert@jrn.com
bglauber@journalsentinel.com
gborowski@journalsentinel.com

# Star Tribune
editors@trib.com

# New York Times
public@nytimes.com
publisher@nytimes.com
generalmgr@nytimes.com

# USAToday

msafran@usatoday.com

# WSJ
support@wsj.com
support@barrons.com
paul.beckett@wsj.com
thorold.barker@wsj.com
wsj.ltrs@wsj.com
edit.features@wsj.com
newsroom@wsj.com
